Add legacy IaC config reference and refresh README configuration section (#142)
DataDog/datadog-iac-scanner: doc/legacy_config.md

# Legacy Configuration File

Datadog IaC Scanner has backwards-compatible support for the legacy `dd-iac-scan.config`
configuration file, which has a different schema and semantics than the current
`code-security.datadog.yaml` configuration schema (see the
[IaC Security configuration documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/code_security/iac_security/configuration/)).

Users may continue to use a `dd-iac-scan.config` file with no disruptions or behavior
changes. The legacy schema is deprecated and does not receive new updates: prefer

> configuring the scanner with `code-security.datadog.yaml` and `schema-version: v1.2` for

Reviewer: The goal is probably never to go back to this file, so better not leave a hardcoded version here.
```suggestion
configuring the scanner with `code-security.datadog.yaml` and `schema-version` greater or equal than `1.2` for
```
